More documentation (#116)
d3ledger/d3-btc: README.md

# D3 Bitcoin

## Glossary

> * BitconD - (aka full node) peer and a participant of the Bitcoin network that stores complete Bitcoin blockchain data.

Reviewer: BitcoinD?

* SPV - a.k.a Simplified Payment Verification. A special mode of `BitcoinD` where only headers of Bitcoin blocks are stored.

* Wallet - a special file that stores and manages private/public keys and addresses.

> * BitcoinJ - a Java library that we use to communicate with Bitcoin network (see https://bitcoinj.github.io/)

Reviewer: not sure a is needed before special file and java library

* MultiSig Address - a special address in Bitcoin that requires m (threshold) of n (number of Notaries) signatures to unlock assets. 

> * Redeem Script - a special script that is used to describe the terms of locking/releasing coins.

Reviewer: again, not sure a is necessary there

* RegTest - local Bitcoin testing network

* TestNet - public Bitcoin testing network

* MainNet - public Bitcoin main network

## Bitcoin network

> Notary communicates with two entities: ``BitcoinD`` and `IrohaD`. The communication between `BitcoinD` and Notary goes through SPV node. By doing so, we can be sure that Notary won't run out of disk space while working with Bitcoin. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notary communicates with two entities: ``BitcoinD`` and `IrohaD`. The communication between `BitcoinD` and Notary goes through SPV node. By doing so, we ensure Notary won't run out of disk space while working with Bitcoin. 
```

Reviewer: or make sure

## Address generation
For each client in D3, a dedicated MultiSig address must be created. A deposit to this address creates a deposit event in Notary and updates related account balance in Iroha.

MultiSig address generation works this way:

1. Every Notary generates a key pair.

2. Every Notary creates a MultiSig address using public keys generated by all the Notaries.

#### Implementation details/issues 
Address generation is a time-consuming process. It may take approximately 10-15 seconds to collect all the keys. To speed up the registration process, we generate MultiSig addresses up front.

[More details](https://github.com/d3ledger/d3-btc/blob/develop/btc-address-generation/README.md)

## Client Registration 

> This event will assign a Bitcoin MultiSig address to recently created Iroha account. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This event assigns a Bitcoin MultiSig address to the recently created Iroha account. 
```

> Client sends a registration request to particular Notary node. 

Reviewer: a particular?

Notary chooses MultiSig address and creates a transaction in Iroha to create a "client to Bitcoin address" relationship.  

## Deposit Service

> Each Notary watches for transactions of MultiSig addresses assigned to our clients in the Bitcoin network. Whenever we see a transaction with coins being sent to one of the addresses, Notaries increase its balance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each Notary listens to transactions of the MultiSig addresses assigned to our clients in the Bitcoin network. Whenever we see a transaction with coins being sent to one of the addresses, Notaries increase its balance.
```

> Iroha transfer transaction is formed as a multi-signature transaction that has two commands:` AddAssetQuantity` and `TransferAsstet`.

Reviewer: extra space in ` AddAssetQuantity`

[More details](https://github.com/d3ledger/d3-btc/blob/develop/btc-deposit/README.md)

## Withdrawal Service
The withdrawal process works the following way: 

1. D3 client sends assets to a dedicated Iroha withdrawal account.
2. Every node reacts to this transfer by creating a Bitcoin transaction.

> 3. Once a transaction is created, all the nodes try to sign recently created Bitcoin transaction if possible.

Reviewer: just all nodes?

> 4. When enough signatures are collected(supermajority threshold), Notary forms a transaction with all the signatures and sends it to the Bitcoin network. 

Reviewer: ollected(supermajority threshold) - no space

> 5. The Bitcoin withdrawal transaction is formed as a multi-input transfer with 2 outputs: destination address and change address.

Reviewer: do we need The before Bitcoin withdrawal?
